very good to all gamers we are in a
new video we are in on steam that
series that many like and that others
I give me the face with his tail as always
I want maximum support in this series
right now bust the like button if
You want me to continue with this moved brother
gomez I'm running your coins is a
bit the crap so what I 'm going to
do now in exchange for rule April is
those of 15,000 as long as you follow the
tops and all this will open one per match
earned subtract one per lost match
and tied it does not happen anything is to say yes
won three games I open three envelopes and
tied three games I do not open anything but
if I lose three games I stay in
negative minus three so I could not
have envelopes until you recover it
understand is to say if cry won two
matches and lose only one would open a
about following a game and I lose two
should one for the next episode
have to win to get it back capi si
what I will try to extract two chapters
weekly of this series if I see that all
the episodes will arrive the 3000 I like
because everyone else has come to a
heap three thousand 2,500 more or less but
in this episode I'm going to open two
to go entering these new rules by
true if you want coins 15% of
discount with the stream code or in the
web of the description and while this
they all take it out of their hands
let's go with the first about brother
I shit in his eyes he comes
other sachet sachets
envelope
good
good as I have nothing so interesting
I'll play with the same type of
last time to see if in the next
episodes I have something to do we are in sixth
division let's start the first
party so to see for the moment has gone
all up let's see now bastards
we have come to play no matter what happens
we have come to play hockey it's my turn
against give us strong or give me strong or something
so with the Spanish team the
kit this in spanish well let's
see how it has good good team
team
holy corner i screwed up
ronaldo
Oh, how beautiful, what a beautiful ronaldo mother
bernal let's see the repetition is the
racing next year we will not see it
like the strips and for one side the strip
for one side there we have come to play
gamarra kids ta ta ta ta is online
on-line
but here we go penal of the resurgence of
criminal favor a make some sub
Red
for red ass
red I fell and the fruits that I put in the
next match
with all the game to take for ass
backbone of aldo uy uy uy come to take
for ass has not left even ten seconds
as good as the book or get lost
envelopes then I'm going to put the central this
to kan and nothing known match now
here for our this cabronazo
good mediapunta let's go ay ay
to bojan zumba goal
constant you have to cancel scan
that already gave us and touch of honey
ronaldo today that he only be made
it was the sun
and it will not be that it does not adapt in the end it
slow down volcano
it is not a penalty, it is not criminal, because if
I have burst
and point
and nothing
there is you that has given me is that
I gave it to let skirt that walks
al in his after the show can do his
texts one and you go cash and wonder him
has pulled the cable is subnormal a
envelope for the next episode a
I pack only one will design another
we go
there is
from shit I'm left with his
skull ti
I'm going to win I'm going to maiquetía
and there we go
the second can come on something sein
walk or go
go Go
my uncle to the digital snail stick to
delete it let's go
there it is there it is there it is there we go
joderos for nothing next I
about this law that supports death this
series if you want and continue and nothing is going
to go kid there is that racing looking
to extend again to fifth division
see you in the next video word os
I want
end the video I'm already wishing that
come out a new one play minecraft
stop those inmates if they want to see the
best goals fell on 15 change from
channel that extremes has made a skin
parody until the serious takes healthy
laugh I like all blondes all do not
the fortune teller is different and it may be that
the best day of the week until
improve on Fridays if you do direct
words